# ShopSimulation
## Collage C++ project made with a partner.
As our collage C++ project me and my partner decided to implement the shop simulator as an application that works with database. We equipped the application with many features typical of online stores, distinguishing between the account of the store manager and user accounts. The manager has the ability to create new products, view the status of each order, and modify its status. User accounts can add products to the cart and create orders for a given address. Users also have access to information about previously placed orders.
## Admin window
The administrator can add products to the database and manage user orders by changing their status. Access to the administrator account is available by entering the username **admin** and the password **admin123**.  
[Screenshot]()
## User window

The login window allows registered users to access their client dashboard. The user has access to all products in the database, with the ability to search, filter, and sort them. <br><br>

Users can also add products to their order by clicking on a product, entering the quantity in the input box at the bottom, and then clicking the "Add to Cart" button. <br><br>

The cart, located in the upper right corner, can be easily edited using the "Set Quantity" and "Remove" buttons, which modify the properties of the items within it. <br><br>

In the lower right corner, users can view their orders and their statuses. Details of an order can be seen by selecting it from the list using the button in the lower right corner.  
[Screenshot]()

## Login / Register window
[Screenshot]()
## Logs window
The log window starts simultaneously with the application and closing it does not affect the application's functionality. The log window contains all logs generated by the Logger class, along with their priority levels. The displayed logs can be filtered using the priority setting in the lower-left corner of the window. After clicking the "Apply" button, logs with a priority lower than the specified level will disappear from the window.
[Screenshot]()
## UML class diagram
[Screenshot]()

## Starting program
The program is launched using the file Sklep.exe, located in the folder named SklepExe which contains the necessary .dll libraries
